Link v1 - A rough list of goals : 

Techstack : Go, Docker

I will just type out in my words what version 1 will be like

I install link onto my computer as a docker image and it will run on any device that can run docker since I want it to be independent of the platform it runs on. Every installation must come with a proper unique identification system created (UUID maybe) which are practically unique. 

remote device means the other computer and local means the one I'm using

When I'm in the client CLI it will look something like (Link is peer to peer)
Link-(Mode Here)>>>

We enter link by running the keyword link (kind of like python or git)
We can configure link via terminal using 
link (command)
The above method is called external config
Or we can configure it in app using
/(command)
The above method is called internal config

Here '/' is the prefix and the command part is the same for both methods (Given that the command can be run in these two methods). All texts starting with / are not sent to remote and processed locally and then the consequence might be something the remote could receive (depends on the command)

The modes will be : 
    Disconnected (default when it starts. This later changes when we connect to a device)
    Note : when the mode is not disconnected it must be connected to some device and when it does it will be saved somewhere, all other modes mean that it is connected and only work when connection exists
    chat (Just sends messages to the connected device)
    remote shell (Whatever is typed in this mode is run in the shell of the other device except for the exit command)
    file transfer (This lets you access the filesystem and lets you transfer anything from the remote device into your device or from your device to the remote device)

Whatever is typed in these modes in app(except overriding commands like mode switch, exit etc.) will get delivered to the remote device in a predefined format of message delivery (a protocol defined by me will will be encrypted before sending it)

The remote device receives this formatted message and acts accordingly.

Firstly when in the disconnected mode, we have to run a command to find devices. In order for two devices to connect to each other they both must have link and firstly be 'staged' which puts them both open for discovery. Then once both of them are ready, one of the devices can try to connect to the other one by discovery. 
The first connection requires us to go through authentication in order to verify a secure connection and after the connection is made the devices get prompts to add the connected device to the verified devices list if it doesn't exist already. Respond with Y/n. 
If two devices want to connect with each other and they are both added as trusted on each other then the devices (There is said to be trust between the two devices) can connect skipping manual auth steps.

Authentication : 
At the time of installation a local volume will be created with persistent memory that saves a generated public key-private key related info and this public key-private key system will be used to authenticate. Both devices will send challenges to each other and then the received response will be verified against the public key.
Manual authentication exists for every first time connection and when there is no trust between the devices. It requires the verification of two codes. First code will be generated by the device which received the connection request and entered in the local device and the second code will be generated by local which is to be entered into remote (Note that initial connection requires physical access to both devices)

After connecting, the app interface opens (In this version it is Link-(Mode)>>>) The default mode is chat but can be set as a preference by external config.
Current mode can be changed by internal config.

Info delivery : 
Communication has to be end to end encrypted and it uses the private key-public key mechanism
The decrypted message is going to be in the Go struct format with the fields of Type, Payload and any other data required.

Whatever is entered by the user (or in the response route, by the remote computer based on the input it got) is going to be sent to the other computer and the processing is done there (and response mechanism).

Functionality of modes : 
    chat :
    Whatever I type here is received on the other end and if there is someone sitting there then they can access it and reply too

    remote shell : 
    Gives access to the remote terminal and whatever you enter here is run on the terminal of the remote.

    file transfer : 
    This is a system used for navigating through the file system and transferring files to and from the remote device. It will use its own command structure like(note that multiple keywords can do the same function. This is to ensure that there is a resemblance with known operating systems while maintaining simplicity too) : 
    ls or list - list right now
    pwd or location - present working directory
    transfer <file1> to/from <file2> - if its to then  file 1 is local file  is remote and if it is from then vice versa

We can exit the app by using /exit or ctrl+c or EOF.

Emphasis for this project is mainly on the Networks and Security while maintaining scalability and modularity for future. These are the aspects for version 1

Further versions broadly include more emphasis on the interface and scaling of the app